Add markdownlint-search-replace and w3c (#4)
mdn/awesome: README.md

- [About MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/about) - MDN's mission, team, partners, and projects.
- [Curriculum](https://mdn.dev/curriculum) - Structured learning resources and modules for web development education.
- [Content Repo](https://github.com/mdn/content) - Source repository for MDN's (en-US) documentation and examples.

> - [Yari](https://github.com/mdn/yari) - MDN's React-based frontend, including tools for building the site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Yari](https://github.com/mdn/yari) - MDN's React-based frontend, including tools for managing content.
```

Author: Shouldn't it be rari now? How much longer to completely switch to rari repo?

> - [Platform Repo](https://github.com/mdn/yari) - Repository for the MDN platform, tools, and site infrastructure.

Reviewer: With the switchover to rari in progress, it's basically Yari = frontend, rari = backend.

```suggestion
- [Yari](https://github.com/mdn/yari) - MDN's React-based frontend, including tools for building the site.
```
